Updates to newsletter docs (#1677)
writethedocs/www: docs/organizer-guide/newsletter/newsletter-process.rst

Write the Docs newsletter
#########################

> At the beginning of every month, we put out an `email newsletter </newsletter/>`__ to the community - at time of writing, this goes to about 6k readers. It's built around a handful of stories that we capture and write-up from the Slack team, and also includes an overview of what the org team is working on and a calendar listing of upcoming community events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the beginning of every month, we put out an `email newsletter </newsletter/>`__ to the community - around {{newsletter_subs}} readers. It's built around a handful of stories that we capture and write-up from the Slack team, and also includes an overview of what the org team is working on and a calendar listing of upcoming community events.
```

Reviewer: Wanna mention jobs here?

Author: Mentioned now.
